they're not gonna make them top they
can't thank you pick up down turn it
over try to go for that skip again
oh the shoulders don't see no jumping
down go for 30 elbow mambo we could be
over 1 2 Samina suppes Tina pushing out
of the dirty beans whew that was close
he just had any SPF to the dirty beans
John Cena is a survivor still alive for
the count
yuxuan that old Finch come on Dean
Ambrose come on John Cena John Cena to
his knees what an incredible match hmm I
just can't believe that Dean Ambrose is
even in this match if they'll yesterday
last night a ladder match for the
Intercontinental title oh now he's my
newest champ big head shot off the ropes
I need I need my Cena
crowd chanting for Dean Ambrose as he
hits CNN going one scene in Dean Ambrose
gotta love the WWE Universe for real I
love me oh there we go boom big headshot
oh he's like wow darn he was lighting up
this hand and goes in with the cheap it
I like it I like it a lot Cena bigger
like it though cuz you get man you gotta
flip for the chills pernais eggs
drop it down for a dirty Dean's gets
blocked got him up on the shoulders
again for the a a wiggling brain both
are off the ropes underneath the clothes
line Dean Ambrose jumping into the arms
of Cena Oh Cena showing his muscles
showing his strength when he does that
rolling through oh let him then wait on
the shoulders into an attitude
adjustment it's over 1 2 3
John Cena retains
you guys want attitude adjust that
subscribe button usually accompanies one
that I brought and Thursday Night
Smackdown a lot of commentary you guys
I'm gonna put my hater blockers on cuz I
know you guys hating on me right now who
love them Cena
sorry not sorry